# Synalytica&trade; Select LLC Disclaimer

Due to our live forex trade room and education being a digital and live service that can easily be copied and saved, we do not guarantee any refunds for any reason, when you pay for our monthly (recurring) service, you agree to this policy and accept that we will not do any refunds, no matter what the condition may be.

When you purchase our live trade room and education service, you agree to this policy and will respect fund.synalytica.xyz  (Synalytica™ Select LLC) outlook on this subjects for refunds. We do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of any discussion or education exchanged through our site or chat services, and the information should be confirmed from other sources. Any projections are estimates only. The material on the site or chat room does not include: An offer or invitation from fund.synalytica.xyz ; or A securities recommendation by Synalytica™ Select LLC or any employee, owner, or independent contractor, of Synalytica™ Select LLC to buy or sell securities or any other financial product, currency or commodity.

Nothing on this site or chat rooms constitutes or suggests personal financial advice. The material, discussion, and education on this site or chat room does not consider personal needs of any persons. Before making any investment decisions you should contact a professionally licensed financial advisor. Except for liability which cannot legally be excluded, Synalytica™ Select LLC and any employee, owner, or independent contractor excludes all liability (including liability for negligence) arising from the use of any service on this site or chat rooms.

Liability which cannot legally be excluded is limited to the maximum extent possible.This site should not be used as a substitute for professional advice under any circumstances. Except for liability which cannot legally be excluded, Synalytica™ Select LLC and any employee, owner, or independent contractor of Synalytica™ Select LLC, excludes all liability (including liability for negligence) arising from the use of data, information, discussion, contribution, or other, provided by third party providers to the site or chat room. Liability which cannot legally be excluded is limited to the maximum extent possible. General Advice education or any advice or information on this website is general advice only – it does not consider your personal circumstances. Any general advice given should not be taken as professional advice under any circumstances. Any general advice should not be taken as targeted financial advice under any circumstances. Any general advice does not represent Synalytica™ Select LLC’s desire or intent to provide you with financial advising or guidance.

Do not trade or invest based only on the information provided inside of the fund.synalytica.xyz site, OR the Synalytica™ Select LLC associated chats. By viewing the information within the website and chat rooms at fund.synalytica.xyz and associated chat rooms you agree that this is general education and general discussion, and you will not hold Synalytica™ Select LLC or anyone affiliated with Synalytica™ Select LLC responsible for ANY losses or damages resulting from the information or general advice provided here by Synalytica™ Select LLC or its employees, owners, or independent contractors. Forex trading has large potential rewards, but also has large, extreme, risk factors. You must be aware of the risks and be willing to accept them to invest in the currency market. By signing this disclaimer, you agree to having a firm understanding of the risks associated with the currency market.

Do not trade with money you cannot afford to lose. This website, and associated chat rooms, is neither a solicitation nor an offer to Buy/Sell spot forex or any other financial product, currency or commodity. No representation is being made that any type of account whether it be a live account or a demo account will or is probable to achieve profits or losses like those discussed in any material on the website, or past, present or future chat room discussion or on any associated social media source. The past results and performance of any trading system, market commentary, chat discussion, social media interaction, or other source, is NOT a guarantee of future results and should be used at your own risk. High risk warning: The high degree of leverage in forex trading involves extreme risk of loss and is not suitable for all investors. By signing this disclaimer, you understand that your leverage used in the currency markets directly correlates to your risk, and you understand and accept that high leverage accounts yield higher risk. By signing this disclaimer, you are acknowledging that Synalytica™ Select LLC is not responsible, or influential, in any decision made regarding leverage OR any other currency related decision.

Do not trade with borrowed money or money you cannot afford to lose. This website, chat room, or other services is neither a solicitation nor an offer to Buy/Sell currencies, futures, options, individual stocks, or any other form of financial product, currency or commodity. No representation is being made that any account whether it be live or demo will or is likely to achieve profits or losses like those discussed on this website, chat room or other source. Any opinions, analysis, or other information with Synalytica™ Select LLC is provided as basic market commentary and DOES NOT constitute financial or investment advice under any conditions. Before making ANY financial or investment advice, you must consult a licensed financial advisor. Synalytica™ Select LLC or its employees, owners, or independent contractors will not accept liability for any losses or damages, including without limitation to any loss of profit or money, which may happen directly or indirectly from the use of or reliance on such information.

Remember that the past results of any trading system or information is not guaranteed of future results of any live or demo account. When purchasing our services, you agree to indemnify and hold Synalytica™ Select LLC’s subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their directors, officers, agents, contractors, partners, and employees, or others harmless and not guilty in the court of law from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, cost and expenses, including attorney’s fees. By signing this disclaimer, you understand and accept that Synalytica™ Select LLC is NOT a “signal providing” group, and is NOT offering ANY financial advice or guidance. By signing this disclaimer, you understand and acknowledge your understanding that you MUST consult licensed financial advising counsel before making educated financial or investment decisions.

## Earnings and Results Disclaimer

Past trade results or past earnings on a live account or demo account should NOT be taken as a guarantee, promise, or suggestion that you can achieve the same results in the future. The written, or audio-visual, evidence of prior earnings from a live account or demo account is not a guarantee or promise that any person or entity will achieve the same results or performance when they place trades in a live account or demo account. By signing this disclaimer, you are also acknowledging that Synalytica™ Select LLC is not claiming to represent either a live account or demo account under any specific circumstances.

The trading strategies and information discussed on the website, chat rooms, or other sources, has been used to trade in both live and demo market conditions, but this does not guarantee or promise future profits or losses. If you use the strategies/strategy discussed on any Synalytica™ Select LLC platform to make trades or investment decisions, you do so entirely at your own risk. Synalytica™ Select LLC and its employees, owners, independent contractors, and others, have in the past used the trading strategies discussed on the website, chat room, or other sources to make both winning AND losing trades.

Using fund.synalytica.xyz , it’s chat rooms, or any other source, and the strategies taught, displayed, or discussed within, for yourself are based upon your own decision and are your own responsibility entirely. Synalytica™ Select LLC is in no way liable for losses or damages from your personal decisions, actions, or trades, youshould contact a professional investment advisor before investing in the forex market, or any other financial market. At no point has any guarantee or promise been made that profits or earnings will happen by following/applying the forex education, discussion, or display occurring within fund.synalytica.xyz or any associated chat room or other source. No Guarantee is made that similar results on a live account with real money or demo account with fake money will occur.

Interpretation plays a role in trading methods/strategies, so what you believe is a trade opportunity may be different to another person’s view of a trade opportunity, be aware that a trading strategy without mechanical rules is interpretable, and Synalytica™ Select LLC, its employees, owners, or independent contractors, will not accept blame for loss or damages arising from any misunderstandings, problems, losses or gains resulting from this misinterpretation. By purchasing our services, you agree to this ENTIRE DISCLAIMER, and acknowledge without a doubt that you understand every word of this entire disclaimer, and will in no way shape or form hold Synalytica™ Select LLC and its employees, owners or independent contractors accountable or guilty in the court of law for any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, cost and expenses, including attorney’s fees.

Without purchasing our services, you are not permitted to have access to ANY of our information inside of fund.synalytica.xyz , or any associated chat rooms, or any exclusive social media outlet, or any other Synalytica™ Select LLC service. If you as a member give your username and password to anyone that has not purchased ourservices, your membership will be terminated immediately, with no refund, and no notice required.

This site should not be used as a substitute for professional advice. When you join, you are in 100% agreement that Synalytica™ Select LLC can TERMINATE your membership at ANYTIME! If you are rude, demanding, mean, causing drama in our community, or anything that will conflict with Synalytica™ Select LLC students, you will be INSTANTLY terminated and there will be no refund issued! You agree to a necessary law suit when you disrespect the Synalytica™ Select LLC community with slander if you enter fund.synalytica.xyz.

By signing this disclaimer, you acknowledge that Synalytica™ Select LLC is not responsible for reminding you to cancel your recurring membership. You are entirely responsible for canceling your membership at which point you deem necessary. You acknowledge full understanding that Synalytica™ Select LLC has provided you with an easy, convenient, cancelation option that in no way shape or form restricts your ability to cancel from your phone, computer, or any other device you can log into fund.synalytica.xyz. Under no circumstances is Synalytica™ Select LLC to be accountable for any forgotten memberships. All members are entirely responsible for ANY billed monthly cycle, regardless of any other conditions pertaining. By signing this disclaimer, you understand that you are solely responsible for reaching out to Synalytica™ Select LLC through support ticket should you have any questions, concerns, or comments pertaining to your membership, or other. By signing this disclaimer, you forfeit your right to contest any and all recurring membership charges through any payment processor, and acknowledge your understanding that all charges associated with Synalytica™ Select LLC will be drafted without warning at each monthly recurrence of your membership.

By signing this disclaimer, you understand that Synalytica™ Select LLC IS responsible for insuring that your membership is NOT billed further after YOU have canceled your membership. You understand that YOU are solely responsible for canceling your recurring membership in order to cancel our services. Synalytica™ Select LLC is NOT responsible for any claimed system/server issue that limits one’s ability to cancel membership effectively. Should you experience an issue, it is YOUR responsible to reach out to Synalytica™ Select LLC to resolve the issue through use of a support ticket on fund.synalytica.xyz. You understand and acknowledge understanding that all cancelation inputs in the Synalytica™ Select LLC are accompanied by an e-mail cancelation confirmation to your account e-mail address. It is YOUR responsibility to ensure that your e-mail cancelation conformation e-mail is received, and it is YOUR responsibility to alert Synalytica™ Select LLC should said e-mail not arrive as it should. Please note that you are UNABLE to cancel your membership through e-mail, YOU are responsible for canceling your membership by logging into fund.synalytica.xyz , going to “Account” settings, and clicking “Cancel”.

fund.synalytica.xyz (Synalytica™ Select LLC) should not be used as a substitute for professional advice under any circumstances. When you join you are in 100% agreement that Synalytica™ Select LLC can terminate your membership at any time for any reason. If your involvement causes discomfort or issue for any Synalytica™ Select LLC representative or member, your membership can be terminated immediately, with no refund, and no notice required. You agree to a necessary law suit when you disrespect the Synalytica™ Select LLC representatives, members, or community with slander if you enter fund.synalytica.xyz.

Slander/Defamation of character in any form of marketing that portrays Synalytica™ Select LLC as a scam, to use our name for marketing to your own business, or any other malicious use of information, knowledge, or otherwise, will have severe legal consequences. Any malicious action knowingly taken is a violation of this signed agreement, and will be prosecuted.By agreeing to this disclaimer, you agree that Synalytica™ Select LLC’s information can be easily copied/studied/remembered/downloaded/saved for personal use after paying for our services. This product is digital, and occurs LIVE, and is in NO way shape or form to be refunded to the buyer after purchase.